This wrench (not to be confused with the technic wrench) makes the rotating
of nodes much more intuitive.

It has three major modes of operation:
1) Rotation mode.
	In this mode, when punching a node, the node is rotated 90 degrees, the
	direction depending on the selected sub-mode. The following sub-modes are
	available:
	- clock-wise: rotate the node so that the punched side rotates clockwise
	- counter-clock-wise: rotate the node so that the punched side rotates counter-clockwise
	- left: rotate the node so that the punched side moves to the left
	- right: rotate the node so that the punched side moves to the right
	- up: rotate the node so that the punched side moves upwards
	- down: rotate the node so that the punched side moves downwards

	The desired sub-mode is selected by right-clicking. With the mode, the picture
	of the wrench changes to indicate which mode is selected.

	As multiple rotations are most likely needed to correctly position a node,
	subsequent rotations of the same node do not add additional wear to the wrench.
	Punching 2 nodes alternatingly *does* add wear on every punch.

2) Positioning mode (absolute)
	In this mode, when punching a node, the node is rotated to a preconfigured
	orientation with respect to the world. I.e. whatever the initial orientation
	of nodes, after rotation the sides will always be in the same direction (north,
	east, south, west, up, down).

	This mode is selected by crafting a wrench into absolute positioning mode. It
	can later be crafted into any other mode. See below.

	The desired position is configured by right-clicking any node, which configures
	the wrench to the current orientation of the clicked-node. For most regular nodes,
	which don't have an orientation, this resets the wrench to the default orientation.

	The selected position is indicated graphically using red dots, in the top-right
	of the image.
	On the left, 6 positions indicate the rotation axis direction: pointing up, north,
	south, east, west, down.
	On the right, 4 positions indicate the rotation round that axis: 0, 90, 180, 270
	degrees respectively.

	Note that the position that is displayed in the top-right is not necessarily
	intended to be intuitive.

2) Positioning mode (relative)
	In this mode, when punching a node, the node is rotated to a preconfigured
	orientation with respect to the punched node and the player. I.e. if the wrench
	is configured by right-clicking a specific side of a node, then when another
	node is rotated, the punched side will match the punched side of the original
	node (i.e. same side and same rotation).
	For example, this can be used to ensure that chests have their locks facing
	the correct side, by simply punching the chest once on the desired side.

	The relative positioning mode is otherwise comparable to the absolute positioning
	mode. One difference, is that the selected position is indicated using blue dots.

	A note for the interested: the reference side of the relative positioning mode
	is north. I.e. after right-clicking the north side of a node, the dots of the
	absolute and of the relative wrench will indicate the same axis direction and
	rotation.

Wrenches comes in four versions: wooden (optional), steel, copper, gold. The wooden
wrench is exceptionally cheap, and wears very fast (approx. 10 uses). The steel wrench
has approx 450 uses, the copper wrench approx. 1.5 times as many, the golden wrench
approx 2 times as many. The number of uses of the steel wrench can be configured,
automatically changing those of the copper and gold wrenches as well (but note that
wrenches are expensive: they require 4 ingots, which is double the amount of a screwdriver).

Every wrench has two crafting recipies (in case the main one conflicts with another mod).
requiring 4 ingots (or 4 sticks), and one extra planks for the alternate recipe

Furthermore, a rotation-mode wrench can be crafted to a relative positioning mode
wrench, which can be crafted to an absolute positioning mode wrench, which can be
crafted back to a rotation-mode wrench.

The operation of the wrench has been optimized: all required information is precomputed
at startup. Actual operation of a wrench basically requires just a few table lookups.


